Add more detail about developing on macOS (#288)
google-research/dex-lang: README.md

  * Install [stack](https://www.haskellstack.org)
  * Install LLVM 9
    * `apt-get install llvm-9-dev` on Ubuntu/Debian,

>     * `brew install llvm@9` on macOS, and ensure it is on your `PATH` e.g. via `export PATH="/usr/local/opt/llvm@9/bin:$PATH"` before building.

Author: ```suggestion
    * `brew install llvm@9` on macOS, and ensure it is on your `PATH` e.g. via `export PATH="$(brew --prefix llvm@9)/bin:$PATH"` before building.
```
